---
layout: about
title: Director's Overview
permalink: /about/index.html
category: about
---

<h1>Director's Overview</h1>
The Maine Cybersecurity Cluster (MCSC) is an exciting place where the challenges and opportunities of 21st century cybersecurity design, development, education, research, and implementation are embraced. At MCSC, students, faculty, and staff partner with expert practitioners from business, industry, government, and the military to explore a wide range of issues: from the design of sensitive compartmented information facility (SCIF) environments and supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA), to the development and testing of detection systems and tracking, to the characterization of penetration exploits by application of best practices and techniques. 
<h4></h4>
Ideally located on the metropolitan campus of the University of Southern Maine, MCSC is situated in the commercial and entrepreneurial heart of Maine. MCSC students are involved with research early on, working with area start-ups and some of the largest employers in Maine. As a statewide entity, MCSC research and education initiatives span more than 400 miles via a virtual collaboratory that connects York County in the south with Aroostook County in the north. In addition, MCSC is unique in its multidisciplinary mandate to educate technology and security professionals in a holistic manner. Committed to the belief that students who develop technological skills also need to be creative problem solvers, MCSC students gain knowledge and experience in important related areas of cybersecurity work, such as cyber ethics, privacy law, and crisis communications. Through this multidisciplinary approach, MCSC trained students not only learn to solve current cybersecurity threats, but also to anticipate future threats. As the Director of MCSC, it is a pleasure and privilege to work along side this group of talented, dedicated, and amazingly technical students, faculty, community partners, and staff. On behalf of MCSC, I am thrilled to facilitate stimulating and useful interactions among cybersecurity leaders, innovators, practitioners, students, and others on a national and international basis. I invite you to get to know us further.